here we [Music]
go rattlesnake venom hits from media's
lips Dragon Queen cup of fire black arrows darken the sky the order of the
rose with the bows and arrows horses riding full stride the
bolts hit the talk every time psychotropic logos you know who's in the
right urses with the giggling smile produce the flowers with the pal I give
you my blood do you have the blood of the Dying God sell fire with the Stars
in Your Eyes rub it in of the man who's laughing I am being drink Hallelujah
from aphrodites lips EOS purple juice cat gorgeous make your face melt Terror
cards dealt ancient songs of cosmic spells wave the magic wand from over
Simon says welcome back to Lady Babalon and
more bakic orgy this is fantastic oh God
you're G to love this tonight because what I have is a sudden is a sudden and
mindblowing uh visitation oh God who are we going to have tonight on this second date this week
and by the way for those of you who come out thank you thank you I want to say
it's a privilege and an honor to know that when I'm working on um the days
um presentation that you that you're um going to be beneficiaries of that labor
that that field is full of ripe fruit oh God love it I love it it's delicious
we're going to bring in what are we going to do today we're going to bring in dionis today I want to bring you a
total initiation today I want to bring you up we have a lot of people who are
joining the congregation and a lot of people people um who need to see what is
this crazy person talking about what are these crazy people in this chat by the
way for the chats everybody in the chat who's working the chat thank you thank you for doing that yes
fantastic um I want to include some comments tonight but um the reason you
know uh people are asking me questions and people are getting the dope and the
dope is oh it's good isn't it I mean you cannot smoke that ancient Greek
linguistic dope without it growing uh inside of you it's like a spark it's
like a it's it's like that spark that brings us all the art oh God I love it
it's you know you get high on this stuff
they took they took me off jwy are we up they took me off because I'm a bad boy um I was just gonna talk about our date
that's all that's all I meant to do um thanks for coming that's fantasttic TI Fighters yeah yeah yeah that's a you
know hey I love it screamers we used to call those screamers let's go to the
next one um what do I want to do tonight people I want to bring you right in the
ship has already gotten there let's get off of it we're going right into the initiation we're making the
temple pure tonight and people are like what this culty
get out of here um hail Satan get out of here right hail Satan love it right if
it scares you I'm good it should right can I get penelopy that gets my goat
when people are like you must be welcoming no we must welcome the sign of the cross and the multitude of sin that
it covers tonight in the mind transforming illustrations that chewy
has put together for you want you to see what our slave AI has been able to do
with all the images I love this what a what a world we live in is this glorious
um let's look at bring me up that first text um I'm being very serious people
you know what the problem is the problem is prus andonia that they're all bowing to the
Demonic Powers they're all bowing to the demon Powers so um let's see let's see what
that means let's go into it are you ready go into the Demonic power stuff look at that gorgeous last word okay go
hit the next one well um here we go are you ready um this this many of you may
find this shocking but I want to stretch your brain now so for everybody take it down for a second chewy and then we're
going to put it right back up for everybody who's saying I want to take those classes my thank you very much my
inbox for requests is so stuffed I can't manage it so thank you very much um um
you're going to be fighting the tide here but I'm getting to the point that we need to start bringing people in dojo
and I need people to come in and I will start making appointments so what I'm
recommending now is be persistent and stay with stay um with uh pursuing
discussion with me through wisent for now right that's the Avenue that we have
to meet I can't keep putting off allowing people access to those sources
so I'm going to open up times and I want you to sign up for those Dojo times um
whenever you uh so desire and um yeah um you'll get a you'll get a some basic
training up front with me and I get to uh see what your metal is which I always
enjoy don't you love lick and metal I love that let's go to the next one um
look at what this means people it's GNA blow your mind what is it to dioni what is it listen sounds like Dion
doesn't it that's because Dion's Greek it's because Dion's Greek here we go
it's fate right it's that fate that's appointed right you have one you wait
wait that's not what I thought yeah look at the first line in Greek under a
alos yeah look at their translation each one has his own fate appointed right you
dieo your your is your fate right oh it's the chance that is you now
wait a minute though um look at number three down below what does that all mean mean well
it means to be possessed by a demon or an evil spirit to be possessed to be
deified um this is what I'm showing you tonight right I'm bringing in bacas he'll be in here in a minute we'll
introduce him right it's just it's everything's cool right welcome welcome
I appreciate by the way tonight is you know laidback but we're going to do some heavy stuff because I want people to be
able to have that initiation okay what are we here at this initiation to bring
bring it up we're here to bring the aola are you adola are you ready this guy
doesn't just talk about it he actually does it it's fantastic aola aola what
are aola well it's a plural of aolon and give me the next one what are what's an
aolon look at this people just relish this relish the Greek thought now what
you're doing is you're working out your brain are you ready right right here we
go Phantom what we're worshiping Phantoms we're worshiping Phantoms broh
Isn't that cool an unsubstantial form and wait oh wait what look at number
three look at number three does somebody smell that sacrifice here he comes an
image reflected in a mirror right or in water you can do it with a
silver bowl right they love this oh god um an image in the mind an idea a fancy
now I want you to look at the bottom it's tucked away at the bottom but I want you to see it does indeed pair this
fine wine this image pairs with urania it's
Uranian the image is Uranian and what is that where is your Uranian
image okay so for those of you who are here to see them practicing the mystery
to see the execution of the mystery I'm not talking about people with fairy tales I was listening to something
before this Neil was in the thick of it he was in the thick of it with some people he sounded like the emperor
Julian for a minute because he's talking with people who are twisting the classic
history and don't just to try to control a text it was those monists again he's
talking to a big group of monists yes my God just ask them please
will somebody please ask them why ancient Hebrew only has 8,000 unique
words [Music] please by the way could you get over
that 1.5 million for sexy Greek
I don't know you know they're estimating that right because we can't cover can you believe we cannot delve to the
extent of the ancient Greek mind oh doesn't that sound sexy go into a date
go into a date with the object of delving into her mind oh and you can't
reach you can't get to all the depths you're just in awe you're just in awe
does that turn you on that turns everybody on and when I say that I'm saying that because it's what makes life
watch this watch this give me the next one here we go oh bring
in bring in the Bible please bringing them where's the where's the thing right
oh who who do I dedicate this spanking to tonight I dedicate this spanking to
everyone everyone of those seminarians in every classroom across this
country um across North America let's just do the whole world every seminary
in every place I dedicate this spanking shame on
you shame on you here we go let's see the
real Kai
[Music]
[Music] what are they have what are they doing
they're not turning away from their system of
murders of murders yeah yeah murders and drugs death stuff death stuff and pora
pora it's too much pora what are they doing with the porna you see you have to
have the pora or the mystery doesn't work mystery doesn't work yeah let me
give you a couple of these words real quick and then we'll bring in dianis I promise you one of these things that you
just saw were the clema right what's the what's a clema and everybody in the
translations when they translate this into the horrible Anglo sax and
garud that you call the King James version and everything after
it all of that stuff we use theft right look at number two just
stuck in there look at this just I want you to tease the word
stratagy as in war okay um some kind of
fraud some kind of fraudulent action perpetuated okay I'm feeling that that
theft I'm getting it I'm getting it look at the bottom call in the calling the
love love look at the eroticon oh you can have a CL eroticon
you can have an erotic CLA what's your erotic CLA that's that secret affair
that's that clandestine Mo oh love it love it are you ready why
did you think the porna and the and the drugs were there
right why did you think the pora and the drugs were there this is that early this is that early hey guys monists you
realize Judaism and Christianity and Islam are just the monest offshoot of
the saturnian satanic religions of the Bronze Age you realize that right you
realize a thousand years before there was a Jehovah uh um 1,700 years before there
was an Allah right um um you know what was there before do you know what was
there before Satan yeah satanic Origins
baby why' you think all that pornoo was there why did you think all that pornoo
was there this is gonna open our eyes are you ready let's keep going keep
going oh yeah bring it I love your new background chewy that's fantastic um by
the way speaking of murders because you read this in an English translation to be quite honest it just reads like a
list um of you know vices or problems and some of them don't match so much
they some of them are horrible and the other was like what and the and the um drugs are translated as
sorceries and that's always funny um what's a phonos well in this case it can
be a special word now this everybody in satanic congregation please understand
now we're going to go a level deeper um your seminarians shame on their small
busies they did not they did not get their diving um certifications and they
never go this low this is not the typical phonos you'll find this you know tucked away way down way down what what
kind is this it's a murderous and where do we see this murderous we see tan oh
look at that Dorian pendar loves Dorian oh God
can you see the columns can you see the columns did we get any Dorian columns in that stuff tonight right remember the
stuff is old old old old there's no Moses doesn't exist he's a creation a
figment of the third Century BC right we're talking actual
history look the murderous was that Matia this is from the oracular ode of
pendar Oracle right she is that one do you know
what she is involved in she is involved in the Fara she is
involved in raising you from the dead she's involved in opening your eyes she
is the AA and bakus will always lead you
right to her isn't that gorgeous okay all right let's I I think if we Ponder
this for minute Ponder this for a minute all you flamekeepers all you
vestals who have kept this knowledge hidden and secret
bravo bravo through the years oh God if we didn't have so many witnesses nobody
would have known fantastic those Witnesses right we got to bring them up from the dead nobody cares what I think
here right um it's not a not a matter of that let's go um I want to show you are
you ready okay the power that I'm talking I'm translating to you the power
that I'm talking about is Mantic power the one who enters into the state of the
bachant just like the one who is insane they have a
share of the prophetic power the prophetic Mania so that when the God are
you ready are you ready hear it when the god enters the
body the god brings the one who is made
insane he brings them the future okay are you ready okay so let me
understand this when dionis comes right the son of God
when he comes he brings
you the ability to speak
future okay fine okay and it's in a in
Mania does everybody see that that's what we're this is that old saturnian
satanic um Bronze Age mystery from which Judaism Christianity and Islam all
spring yes do you remember what harus says the Greeks know it too harus says you in
Arabia you know what they all Worship in Arabia they all worship dionisis and
Aphrodite yes your ancestors those of you who are Tali with the Taliban who
are throwing acid in the faces of girls and killing education and preventing
them I see them over there they're getting ready they're giving some of those people rights they're giving some
of them here take it fight for it yeah and what happens you acid face
throwing monsters um your satanic
Origins become apparent that's the funny thing um Satan always has the Checkmate
on Yahoo on Allah he's always got the Checkmate because Satan knows something
everybody else doesn't yeah he knows Yahoo was
born yeah Yahoo was born you want to know what was before Yahoo do you want
to want you want to know it was before Allah do you want to know here we go
dionis that's our introduction to dionis let's bring him out is he gonna come out
here uh is that the first chorus we got to have a chorus come in before dionis
what does this say it says hosia hosia with a capital H baby hosia
she is that queen of the gods oh my God
and she's using look at what the chorus is doing the chorus here where are we who the who who did we just dredge up
here oh my God who do we just dredge up here we dredged up ureides who used to
write his poetry in caves his mother who's the root cutter would collect all
the drugs for the community that they're using within their rights connected to the temples isn't that nice so um here
he is and he says listen up listen up through his chorus they say HOSA she is
the queen of the gods who is HOSA give me this one well what is that who is this where did she come
from hallowed sanctioned or Allowed by the law and now they put of God and then
when they do they mean Zeos because this is long before your time this is the
mystery look who it is look through the Christian the judeo-christian lens the
monest lens look through it ladies and burkas and what do you
see nature DK that word DK is
Justice she is a lady if that isn't the sexiest thing if
that isn't the greatest thing in the world oh my god do you see why the
atheists who don't follow DK who don't follow the gods you see why they're so
dangerous monism is a digression from the progression of History it was when
it caught in the Egyptians you know the Egyptians got that herpetic virus to start with that psychic herping
called monism right makes monists what are monists oh I'm sorry did you not know it
turns out there are no lizard people there are no aliens it's too far right
no it's monus it's an invasion of them they're a
virus they're a virus in the progression of human history how do I say that I'll give you
the example of the Egyptians because the Egyptians that monest herpes to start with right and they got it with aanat
and remember and it was Rebellion against Amon who is Amon he is the
leader of the eight the ogdoad the
ogdoad he is the leader of the Octo right you cannot follow the
monists and reverence sabat
oh isn't that nice okay keep it going here it comes here it comes dianis would
you mind speaking Force what's wrong you say I can't see him he's not there he's
not there trust me trust me dianis thank you for your entrance and I'm here to
ask you I'm here to ask you do you have any wisdom for us what does dianis say
I'm going to translate it someone would seem to be not thinking
all that well trying to say wise things to the
unlearned oh did somebody wait did he just insult me I
think he just did you just insult me I think you did I think he did let's see
let's see if it carries out but okay so um you're not going to be euphonic look
at those last two words you're not going to be euphonic right saying wise things to somebody who
is unlearned not going to be euphonic what is that mean euphonic this sounds like
one of those crazy Greek ideas um if you look up FR FR you're gonna find
something like mind you're gonna find something like the power to judge
capacitate oh God it's all over the place because there's like 50 words from mind and you don't know which is which
one I don't even even know what a heart is anymore oh god um what's my diaphragm
go to the next one look tucked away in the definition of frin is to be in
possession of one's senses right to be in possession of
one's senses say it's almost look at this
language here at the bottom these are those Brits lovely lovely Victorian Brits love them I would like to lie them
up and spank them all I would like to um they would like it as well you know that
they would if you don't know that what are you doing in here oh my god um to be
in possession of s they say it almost equals Zan to be sensible or to be alive right
Z is the great concept of having life or
being in possession of your senses are
you alive are you in possession of your senses do you know what the AWA was
called she was called Zoe she was that life imagine this if
you're on your date and you're trying to get to the you're trying to move all
through her brain and it's just you just takes you wonderful different sort of
places and you realize this is life this is
life that's what she is the AA that's what she is oh God it's absolutely
gorgeous now didn't somebody say he said I could tell the future right I thought he said I could tell the future go back
to the let's see where it is um we don't have that many tonight um so I'm going
to hit you with these and I want you to realize while I'm doing it please understand the images that you're
receiving are the images that you will then use to unlock the mystery dianis
can you tell us um what's the function of your Dion of your
Dion the diamon itself frees me
whenever I want interesting interesting this is from
okay the diamond itself freeze me you mean it's a litic process we call it a
ltic process um let's see the next one um can you can you tell me can you tell
me dianis um what what do you mean the Dione is there with you um
dionis now the things he suffers he says the things that I suffer those things he
sees the Dion sees because he's there he's there and oh wait a minute
dianis bring in bring in bring in the Man of Sorrows bring the manaus do we have creepy Jesus bring up creepy Jesus
please no you forgot what what are you doing ah there he is hello creepy Jesus hello
oh this is wonderful now you'll notice it's he's been christed we're going to look at it in just a second he's been
christed and I'm going to show you a text that's going to change your um orientation your Quantum orientation are
you ready get really scary Jesus he's there he's doing the purple people what' you
expect he's the Christ he's the Christ where's the Man of Sorrows did you bring it back there
he is and what is the Man of Sorrows he saysi can't see I can't see
the demon that's hanging around you where is he show me where is he I don't
see the demon does anybody see the demon does the man of sorrow see the demon no
he doesn't he doesn't dionis will tell you he's right
next to me he's right next to me can you see him he's right next to me you can't
see him do do you know why you cannot see the demon next to me because you are
AIS did he say he's insulting us again ah
sebas you are without sebo what is the Greek verb Sabo what does it really mean
first of all it's usually in the in the middle voice the older form is active people who are taking Greek will love
this it's um commonly in the middle voice sebomi right but the older form
SEO isn't active so you have to think of it what does it actually mean and you'll
find when you look it up it's the opposite are you ready for this what
what do I do when I sebo it's the opposite of what I do when I
hito when I huis someone wait and you're you put your calculator your Can you
feel it can you feel your calculator oh God kind of vibrating a little bit
like yeah who breeds hubris what is it when I do
hubris when I punch you in the face if I walk up to you in public and punch you
in the mouth that's huus I can be charged with that it's an assault we would call it it's huus what is the
polar opposite in the Greek mind of the assault it's not to take something like
your freedom with a punch that's that's how they put it to take away your freedom by putting my hands on you it's
not that it's not that no it's the opposite it is to give reverence to
extend recognition right to extend an honor is
to sebo this is the word that is a machine within the Classical Mystery
religion it's a machine and it causes the mystery to take place
oh God bring us what did he say there at the bottom the um I just want to make sure I covered that did we get
everything Baka said there chewy boom yeah bring down the initi okay yeah next
to me right because you're AAS right good we we got it we got it we're AAS
okay all right again I feel insulted but oh he I know he's I have a feeling he's
going to do it again okay you ready this is our third pitch this is our third
pitch you got to get this one if you don't get this one you're going to end up with the monists are you ready
dionisis tell me who am I because when I walked in that Temple when I walked in
that Temple it said know who you are yeah okay so tell me who am i dianis o
[Music] what does that
translate you have no idea what kind of life you're living you have no idea what
you're doing you don't even know who you
are I knew it I knew he was going to be negative I'm gonna put my buttocks over here shame on me hey you
almond oh kind of feels better on this side oh that's why they do it I'm so to
get that Victorian I'm starting to understand Victorian is a little bit better okay let's keep going we have you
know it's kind people are like look let's go um dianis tell me
something what do you want us to do sir what you want us to put on the
purple oh that's fantastic give us go to the next one oh god well okay I'm
putting on the purple I don't know about the rest of and where are we going buddy are you ready Dian Isis this is cool I
get it I get get the insults right I totally get it's totally cool to be here um tell me S dianis where are we going
let's go e you wait you want me to go where where
are we going one more time it's an agenda thing guy it's a you know we gotta go there it's probably lunchtime
we got to be there right um we're gonna go to the what what the
roads of the Void the roads of the Void oh God that
sounds like a good band or something you know what I mean the roads of the void and what are you going to do I'm going
to lead you there I'm gonna lead you there all right well I'm I'm good
everybody else good everybody here who's here is consenting is consenting right
we're all consenting I don't care if you're 50 or 15 you're consenting to go
watching me you're consenting to go to the void
you wanted to find the way I'm showing you the way oh god oh I get love it let's go to
the next one let's go to the next one Dian Isis please please what are you going to do to us on the
way excuse [Music] me
oh look at that third word now wait a this is dionis speaking right yes
ureides what are you doing what are you doing dionis he puts dianis in the mouth
of dianis and he says dionis e
mused us wait he what I want to EC Muse
you you want to you want to do what um
mosus the ringer Moses of the song right because you
don't right you don't know him because of the you hear lawgiver right you don't know songwriter and all that because
he's a character that was based upon museus right um The
Muse is everything in the mystery she is the invisible
diamon the invisible dime on yeah yeah I had something nice I had
something nice coming back I'm going to stop for a minute and I'm I'm going to tell you a little uh personal story I
don't usually include personal stories but um this one's relevant um and anywh
who I was on uh um I was on in transit
to the con to the interview with Danny Jones um and I was traveling and I just hopped
on to you know how it is I just hopped on I was late and I'm tired just oh God
the you know we were one of the last flights things were delayed so it was like oh I was cranky you know what I
mean and I walked into this um walked into the little Transit you know U Rail
and there in these bright windows with bright lights was I started to put my bags down this little this you know she
must have been no more than 12 um um well-dressed girl was standing next to me and I put
my pulled back because I thought I was G to bump her or something I didn't see her when I walked in and there uh I
looked and there was nobody there I looked and there was nobody there do you know how
creepy how wonderfully creepy it is to look into a reflection and to see somebody who isn't
there let's keep going let's go we got it we're in um they say we've got a
connection excellent excellent Gandy oh he's a
warrior all right let's go um give me the next one quick for the drugs the
filters wear off um and look what's happening what's happening people you
tell me Man of Sorrows how do you feel I want you to feel now I'm going to pull this one right out of your psyches are
you ready man ofur how do you feel I'm seeing double I'm seeing two different
worlds that have two different Sons I'm seeing things oh you are you are you know why
because they say there I'm translating they say there was this guy this stranger he came into your presence and
he was a goas he was a one he was a guy who used the looy he's an eptic go from
Lydia if you want the specifics oh God these Greeks start talking I'm like what I and any who um he's got this
wonderfully smelling you know blonde curly hair by the way if anybody anybody for you know anybody for a little
portrait of dianis you know you got to show him like he is Bryce he's a handsome guy you know it's just the way
it is and he what happens there um he's also got this so he's got that
complexion that wine complexion you know what I mean it's so sexy it's like the
I'm translating it's like the um a aphrodites Graces you know what I mean
it's like aphrodites Graces he's got them where's he got him he's got him in his eyes he's got him in his
eyes wait afrodite's Graces in his eyes yes yeah look at the bottom line we're
just gonna jump to the last word Nan what what is dionis always doing is
hanging out with the teenage girls and everybody everybody chorus
quick where somebody where's the chorus I'm missed the chorus of the of the
sisters of frustration where are you people I'm really disappointed here
somebody raised the objection will you that we're talking about teenage girls
will you please now for those of you who've been following Jesus um with the naked boy in
the uh public parking for him um some of you have been following that remember
we're talking about the Nanos well the next stage up from the boy or girl is that
developing um entity right and that thing is the i i is the um nanas again
you can translate that as as young boy or boy or um some people will even use
young young man right well he's hanging out with the young girls
specifically right again we told them you don't put the best looking angel
with the eve you're not supposed to do that right why not watch as your like
does this does this Divinity ever get it no it's messing up again that is what
monism does that's what monism does it's on a
track for self obliteration oh yes yes because when you
put everybody in a box and then kill everybody who's outside the box you're essentially killing
yourself yeah oh God it's gorgeous it's gorgeous
let's go to the next one oh look dianis can you tell us really quick um um how
are we doing the people out there can you tell us the people in the audience tonight can you please tell us what does
the say satanic congregation do do they get it do they get it do they get it
great Lucifer bring her of dawn do they get
it wait what look at that last word earlier fros from FR again what are
we talking about this FR thing for all the time that's what happens that's what
mother allows you to do it allows you to look into a mirror at
yourself the FR is you alive yes oh isn't this nice what did he
say formally that's okay keep him up there because I know what he says he says formally your
FR yeah your FR was what oh my God formerly your FR was not
hug it wasn't what it wasn't hyic it wasn't healthy that's a medical term
your mind is off right formerly but now he said now
that you're in my presence you're starting to have what you
need okay I think we hit that final pitch I think we hit it are we close I
think so chewy let's blow this place are you ready here um yeah that's the that's
the one I just read give me the next one they want the drugs okay people sit up for a minute right everybody everybody
sit up for a minute here it is I've been talking about this people have been saying oh God how does he how's he gonna
he just talks of this crazy stuff about Christ is a drug Christ is a
drug Christ means anointed one ah for all those oh you know what's
waiting for you people oh this is what's waiting for you people watch here it comes here it
comes pharmacon what is the pharmacon what is the drug we have a drug at the top and
then we have a healing remedy in number two look at number two under healing remedy and look at the one two 3 four
five six line down and you're going to see the Greek
wordon followed by Aon and from the inre
and the epone we also have the
anti the Christ is the drug you put in the eyes
for the sake of your friend oh oh for your life because you didn't
know you have not been born again that's why when he talks we're
idiots and we don't get it because you're not alive you're not alive if you had been
initiated your eyes were opened like those of Cicero you would have said my
God if you haven't done this you really haven't lived yeah to make you alive did you
know your brain could be born after your body oh my
god oh I love it love it let's go the next one this is gorgeous we're almost
there we're almost there who is this who is this dionis says you're
crazy and not in a good way CU you could never find any drugs to
cure you and you're not
suffering without them so you mean I got to have the drugs
wait a minute can you say that again dianis can you say that again please yeah yeah he's no
problem right you're nuts right you're nuts and not in a good way in a very painful way because the drugs um you're
not going to be able to find a cure by means of the drugs and neither
are the drugs right G to be able to be lived by without you can't live without
these drugs you can't have your frame yeah it's a system that perpetuates your
frin oh again somebody told me just today they were like I don't I don't
know if I can keep up I want to do Greek but I don't know if I can keep up with these nerds because this stuff is you
know it's way out there yes guess what guess what the more you do the more you
do the more you're going to understand how dumb you are do you know how many
years I've spent recognizing on a regular basis how inadequate I am how
dumb I am do you know what I've done I've hung around with a bunch of really really really smart dead people and they
didn't get there um by birth they got there by
language oh oh god mother Greek you are so sexy I
want to go to all the depths of mother Greek mind I want to find where she is
oh God you're not going to Let's dig let's dig in let's dig in shy um look at
this people I'm giving you a Greek phrase and this is a drug that will set your mind are you ready you're like what
yeah okay ready what's it
sayos now for my Greek students you know the verb to be is tucked in there and you don't necessarily need that right
that can be invisible it's just in the present no problem um look at what we have Faron and logos either of those
either of those you can make your subject right so usually this is translated as
reason is the drug of the sick
Soul reason is the remedy of the sick soul but watch what mother Greek does
watch what mother Greek does the is
also drugs are the
reasoning of the suffering mind that Throne that you're sitting on
is a pharmacon do you understand the
philosophy of scua right this is that embedded that
deep philosophy that that logos which is your what it is your Reckoning man it is that
SP it is the spark of your very frin that's what the logos is what do
you think Jesus the Christ with the stuff in his eyes is always talking
about yeah oh my God oh my God you're
kidding you're kidding no I'm not kidding where is horns put some horns on
that guy let's go let's go to it quick quick quick let's go to the next Source boom watch this people di in Isis Ides
give it to me this is a people okay I'm warning you I'm warning you this is a
fast ball it's coming in this is a 96 997 M pH baby okay it's coming
right down I'm telling you this is coming right down the center now see if your frame is able to contain it are you
ready just absorb at the Greek with me tell me dianis I'm going to ask him a question tell me dianis what does your
Dion do
horia ah everybody saw the Oria on the end you know those are the
rights horon horon what does my Dion do
seeing the sear it gives the
rights seeing the sear seeing the sear horon horon and if
you haven't experienced that you're not
in you don't have the Mania you won't know the future right step off the bus right
where is that that but I'm in there with Jesus I want to know I want to know oh
God did you summon saders you summon saders see we gotta break out crosses every time you get saders chewy right we
got to break them out we got to break them out um notice the goats have you
shown the have you shown the Transformations oh God love the
Transformations what do you do what do you do people what do you do when you
trans stress time and space yeah you live you
live oh God are you alive are you alive
have you been born again now to every I'd love to do this I love to do this because I know the fear this is the fear
that every Evangelical every Baptist every Southern Baptist every Presby well
some Presbyterians I could even put some methodists on this list maybe um yeah
the Catholics know because they have a hierarchy that tells them that's the way it is um but you gotta thank you got to
thank that little tiny crack in your faith that little tiny crack in my in my
faith do I believe this do I believe this or is this guy
gonna get my goat I got your goat tonight I got your go tonight covers a
multitude of your sin oh let's go to the next one boom bring it out Penelope can
stay there for a second right what happens people why is it that we cannot
see these rights why is it because they despise
wait the rights the mystery rights they have an identity yeah they do and they
cannot oh God are you serious I'm starting to get headache again it's the Greek remember every day every day
you're reading these people and you're like damn right Aristotle I still can't read Aristotle was thinking I'm really
dumb I'm really dumb right I'm looking when I'm taking Aristotle at um
university of Wisconson with the uh lady from Scotland who is Aristotle was you
know oh God she was so she was so nerdy smart she was like I was every time I
have my mouth around her I was like oh God you're going to look dumb you're going to look dumb and it's because she
had been studying Aristotle imagine making one of the sharpest minds of
History your tutor you can do that with the Greek for those of you who want to
join right you want to go to wisson you want to start right this is why you join
up this is why you enlist you have access now think about the people who used this mind drug
called ancient Greek think about them and you wonder oh is that why every third word I use is based
on some kind of Greek root yes yes people this is our heritage come on this
is gorgeous this is gorgeous this is human Heritage love it we got a couple more here I'm G to bring them on we got
to bring back dianis right this is just it hates the rights they hate a and they
hated the inability to recognize and to give honor to DEC they hate it they hate
it the rights they eject those who have that those who reject Ammon and remember
those cratons they're always Liars they're always Liars oh God they're
always Liars it's the contest it's the contest and the
transformation they made it you know it's just like I hate to I I hate to tell people this
I really hate to tell people this yeah bring that transformation chewy um I
really hate to tell people this but that power predates yeah that power predates um you
wondered you wondered about the goat you you
wondered let's go to the next one boom we're almost in there are you ready I
want to now I'll bring you now that I've given you the chance to hear the Dion
right of the initiation and what we've done is we taken that right out of ureides and we've taken that that
initiation power and applied it applied it via the Greek are you ready this is
where you are you are scuo you are scua where's this stuff
coming from remember he said he's L some lydian dude some lydian dude that should have queued
it in your head you should have seen them those tribes
oh yes yes I know where it's coming from it's coming from a place where I can
scuo and where the queen is scua I'm am very people shave your heads shave your
heads is what it means what is this person who does this the person who does
this is the intoxicated what are they on drugs absolutely not right um unless your soap
is a drug because um they're on soaps they're on brain
soaps yeah twice a day take a bath take a bath in the fumigation of the brain
soap you wash your you wash your you know hidden Parts you wash your sweaty
things um you know even some people you know pick around in their nose and kind
of clean it up right some people I don't know you clean your mouth up you know what I mean you clean everything why
wouldn't you clean your friend these are
purgations the CLA yeah it's a
purgation that's what we're here for yeah when you have been born again you use
the purgation to maintain your existence your frin it keeps you alive where do
you think that inspiration comes from I was trying to convince people recently
um with an object lesson of who the Muse is by the fact that the Muse does not
surround us all they had a saying in ancient Greek
said the richest of all the bastards is the one the Muse
loves oh God I tattooed it on my arm when I read that I was like dude I want
this thing permanent I want this thing permanent okay let's go let's keep going
to it we're almost at the end here we go um EP what do I do when I EP I I apply
you with drink in the cyan fashion because to be cyan is to be
intoxicated brain bath people oh love it next one please next
one please and second to last what is
somebody right or something that is SCU SCU rough man you're down to earth
what is rough the void is rough people the void the desert you you you may
translate the desert the void is rough do you remember where we were going dianis said I remember now I remember
now he said we were going to go on that trip that void he was going to take us there on the way right we were gonna go
oh God you mean in that Sy and bent we are on the way
yes yes the reason Jesus the Christ is full
of drugs in his chis thingss is because he must walk the way he must serve
scua oh God you mean Jesus Christ is a servant to the
medwa if you want to use the
automobile you got to acknowledge the one who made it
God God it's so in I think it's one last one this is the last one people and
thank you um I'm going to say a few remarks before I go and I want to look at some comments but um I wanted to just
bring up the Man of Sorrows one more time um here he is um do you got anything last to say Jesus um and by the
way people this is right out right out of the comments from uh d Jones this is right
out of the comments right um this isn't this is from dead guy ureides right but
the sentiment the voice is right out of the comments I saw this one it's there
um oh man this guy's trying to trick
me did you get the feeling that dianis was trying to trick you dianis are you
trying to trick us
by means of my skill if I want I can save
you I can bring you salvation is that what you're looking
for yeah a crack in your faith is the satanic origin of your
religion thank you for coming tonight hail
Satan Teenage Mutant Ninja Tur shell magic even stronger than the drugs to
sell are the songs the magic fleece Darkness through
dreams an animal skin with the song of the
queen written there with Magic ink guarded by dragon in the
grave of Mars on the east side of the Black Sea Dragon Venom from the god with
horns I am being ionic watch the image
Jude letters in Greek cornicopia oroborus Cleo media and bakus the dragon
Venom will knock them back phas interferometry
tracers floating Crazy Eyes drinking purple meat
and whiskey with Lady media straight out of
Babylon Venus with a penis gold horns of [Music]
Alexander hit you with the man the broad set on the DMT way up the elemental pce slang what
words really mean Dragon Venom of darkest dreams
[Music]